---
layout: post
title: Lookout
category: security-application
publisher: Lookout Mobile Security
downloads: 1M+
rating: 4.2
tags: mobilesecurity, antivirus,
thumbnail: /assets/images/apps/lookout.png
apk: 'assets/files/apk/Lookout.apk'
---


Mobile Security & Antivirus by Lookout provides premium mobile security & identity protection for all of your Android devices. Protect your device from viruses, malware and spyware, and rest assured you’re in safe hands with our ID theft protection services.

Secure your device and your life, with Lookout. Lookout provides instant security from viruses, threats and personal data theft.

Lookout is the only all-in-one mobile security & antivirus app that protects your mobile device, your data & your identity. Stay ahead of any viruses, malware and spyware with our antivirus features, phishing attacks or other mobile theft breach with the Mobile Security & Antivirus app by Lookout.

Lookout Basic
* Mobile Security & Antivirus
* Virus Scanner: Continuous, over-the-air antivirus protection from viruses, malware, spyware, adware, & phishing. Just scan your device and we’ll take care of the rest!
* System Advisor: Checks your mobile device for root detections to make sure the operating system is working properly
* Lookout makes it easy to identify, clean & remove viruses from your Android device.
* Locate & Alert: Map the location of your device & make it sound an alarm - even on silent!
* Signal Flare: Automatically save your device’s location when the battery is low

Additional Lookout Antivirus & Security Premium Subscription Features
* Includes all the functionality of Lookout Basic, plus 360 total mobile security & antivirus features to protect your mobile device, data & privacy.
* Safe Wifi: Protects your mobile data from phishing & other Wi-Fi attacks. Get peace of mind as you connect to Wi-Fi networks on the go, knowing that your mobile connection is safe & secure.
* Breach Report: Get timely alerts whenever a company, app or service you use has a data breach along with how best to secure your data
*Theft Alerts: Get an email with a photo & location whenever suspicious behavior is detected that could mean your identity has been stolen
* Safe Browsing: Scan every URL link you visit to help detect online threats with antivirus technology & alert you of sites that can infect your device & steal your personal information.
[new] Privacy Guard: Prevent cybercriminals from redirecting you to malicious websites while online.
* Privacy Advisor: See what personal information can be accessed by your apps
* Lock & Wipe: Remotely lock your device, post a custom message & erase your data
* Identity theft protection (US only)